## algorithm
[Remove Nth Node From End of List](../leetcode/remove_nth_node_end_list.cc) 

## review
[Technical Skills Are Overrated. Focus on Your Attitude](https://medium.com/s/please-advise/attitude-over-aptitude-4e8363795ff8)

Functional skills and soft skills how they affect our wokr?
Functional skills,which we can get though book,experience,be taught.

Employees with soft skills provide leverage to a team. They don’t just contribute their work; they also improve their co-workers’ efforts,improving productivity. Soft skills are critical for growth, and in the long run, growth potential is more important than existing functional skills.

## tip
### [How To Configure Virtual Memory (Swap File) on a VPS](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-configure-virtual-memory-swap-file-on-a-vps)
 
 I bought a vps ,2 cpu,4G,but compiling envoy is already fail because of no enough memory,so I want to expand my space through swap space.

 **swap partition:**  
 Reserved disk block in the hard drive used for swapping is known as Swap Partition; no other files can be located in swap partition.   

 If physical memory is not sufficient amount to allocate more memory, requested by processes of application in the system, then the kernel swaps out pages which are not frequently used or unused. And it allocates memory to the required process that wants the memory instantly.

 **swap file:**  
The swap file is not a common file. It’s has special nature which exist in the midst of your system and data files. Swap file free RAM space by transfer unused program to hard drive and allocate that space to currently requested program.

Creation and preparation of swap file is similar to creation of swap partition. Swap files do not require an empty partition and no need to repartition hard drive to add additional swap space. 

简而言之：交换区需要在硬盘驱动器中预留硬盘块，而交换文件不需要预留硬盘空间，跟创建一个文件类似，再指定为交换文件。

```
 cd /var  
 touch swap.img
 chmod 600 swap.img
 dd if=/dev/zero of=/var/swap.img bs=1024k count=1000
 ```
bs: block size  
count: block count  
So it's meam 1000 block,every block size is 1m.

then initialize the swap filesystem 

```
mkswap /var/swap.img
```

Enable your Swap File

```
swapon /var/swap.img
```

Enable your Swap File During Boot
```
echo "/var/swap.img    none    swap    sw    0    0" >> /etc/fstab
```
 
#### reference
[dd command](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dd_(Unix))  
[Linux swap partition and swap file, definition and difference](http://latestitsupport.blogspot.com/2012/02/difference-between-swap-partition-and.html)  
[disk image](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Disk_image)

## share

Every week I should set a goal for myself.why should I do this? If I complete this goal ,I can get some benefits from it.,but fail, I can learn from  failures .Such as why fail,how I can improve it.Sometimes learning method is more important than knowledge.

